Update Korean language support availability details (#38641)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/getting_started/support/_index.md

Japanese language support is available Monday to Friday from 9am to 5pm Japan Standard Time (JST), excluding local public holidays and December 29 to January 3. Chat support in Japanese is available from 10am to 4pm JST on business days.

> Korean language support is available Monday to Friday from 09:00 to 17:00 Korea Standard Time, excluding local public holidays. Chat support in Korean is available on weekdays from 10:00 to 11:30 and from 13:00 to 16:00 (KST).

Reviewer: Mirroring Japan paragraph above to share abbreviation after first mention.
```suggestion
Korean language support is available Monday to Friday from 09:00 to 17:00 Korea Standard Time (KST), excluding local public holidays. Chat support in Korean is available on weekdays from 10:00 to 11:30 and from 13:00 to 16:00.
```

> Korean language support is available Monday to Friday from 9am to 5pm Korea Standard Time, excluding local public holidays. Chat support in Korean is available on weekdays from 10:00 AM to 11:30 AM and from 1:00 PM to 4:00 PM (KST).

Author: ```suggestion
Korean language support is available Monday to Friday from 09:00 to 17:00 Korea Standard Time, excluding local public holidays. Chat support in Korean is available on weekdays from 10:00 to 11:30 and from 13:00 to 16:00 (KST).
```
